index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Professor Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---

# Welcome Students!

I will post all the class material to this website, so be sure to check it frequently. If you have questions, [email me](mailto:sonia@meyercraft.net).

## Classes

Click on the class that you are in to find your weekly homework, supplementary reading, and other information.

*	[S1: Monday, Period 5-6](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[S4: Monday, Period 7-8](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[SF2: Tuesday, Period 5-6](classes/sf2.html)
*	[29C: Tuesday, Period 1-2](classes/29c37c.html)
*	[37C: Tuesday, Period 3-4](classes/29c37c.html)
*	[S6: Wednesday, Period 1-2](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[S3: Wednesday, Period 3-4](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[18C: Friday, Period 1-2](classes/18c.html)

## Extra

Also, an interesting infographic that depicts cultural differences between Eastern and Western cultures, [here](http://bsix12.com/east-meets-west/).

## Downloads

* [英语听力课本 CD1](http://s3.amazonaws.com/www.joeymeyer.com/download/CD1.zip)
* [英语听力课本 CD2](http://s3.amazonaws.com/www.joeymeyer.com/download/CD2.zip)

## Announcement

This week's office hours are cancelled because my family is in town.

Commit message:

make announcement about no office hours more clear

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Professor Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---

# Welcome Students!

I will post all the class material to this website, so be sure to check it frequently. If you have questions, [email me](mailto:sonia@meyercraft.net).

## Classes

Click on the class that you are in to find your weekly homework, supplementary reading, and other information.

*	[S1: Monday, Period 5-6](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[S4: Monday, Period 7-8](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[SF2: Tuesday, Period 5-6](classes/sf2.html)
*	[29C: Tuesday, Period 1-2](classes/29c37c.html)
*	[37C: Tuesday, Period 3-4](classes/29c37c.html)
*	[S6: Wednesday, Period 1-2](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[S3: Wednesday, Period 3-4](classes/s1s3s4s6.html)
*	[18C: Friday, Period 1-2](classes/18c.html)

## Extra

Also, an interesting infographic that depicts cultural differences between Eastern and Western cultures, [here](http://bsix12.com/east-meets-west/).

## Downloads

* [英语听力课本 CD1](http://s3.amazonaws.com/www.joeymeyer.com/download/CD1.zip)
* [英语听力课本 CD2](http://s3.amazonaws.com/www.joeymeyer.com/download/CD2.zip)

## Announcement

This week's (Oct 21 to Oct 25) office hours are cancelled because my family is in town. If you need to meet me or have a question about material, please [email me](mailto:sonia@meyercraft.net).
