classes/151821.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Mrs. Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---

# Welcome *American Culture* Students!


### Week 1

1. [Syllabus](/resources/Week 1-GC Syllabus.pdf)
3. [Week 1 PPT](/resources/Week1-Spring14LS_Introduction-Syllabus_Grad.ppt): Introduction, syllabus review, and useful classroom phrases
4. Homework: Transcribe the lyrics of [El Paso](/resources/Week 1-El Paso.mp3) by Marty Robbins.
2. Supplemental Reading from American Ways: [Chapter on Informality](/resources/Week 1-GCSuppAW-Informality.pdf)

### Week 2

2. Homework:
   - Listen to the article--[“A Frat of Their Own: Muslims Create a New Space on Campus”](/resources/W2HW muslim frat.mp3)
   - Read the [article](/resources/W2HW A Frat Of Their Own Muslims Create A New Space On Campus NPR.pdf)
   - Identify unknown words and define them   - Be prepared to discuss this article next class
### Week 31. [Campus Organizations PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/o1p5hdqwmqcwi36/W3LS%20campus%20orgnaizations.ppt)
2. [Making Excuses PDF](https://www.dropbox.com/s/7nwluhgrq0g1uk5/W3LS%20Making%20excuses.pdf)
3. [Anti-Muslim Propaganda](https://www.dropbox.com/s/e1930i1cr8cmjxh/W3LS%20Muslim%20propaganda.ppt)

### Week 4
1. [Airplanes PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qtg2xvj99be5soq/W4LS%20Airplanes.ppt)
2. Homework: Transcribe [Tin Man](https://www.dropbox.com/s/ooup0fp3lkx24kr/W4LS%20Tin%20Man.mp3) by The Avett Brothers

### Week 5
1. [Week 5 PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/bh7nf1vy10ueody/W5LS.ppt)
2. Homework: Record a one second video with your language partner and prepare a short speech about why you chose that moment. The speech should be no longer than one minute.  

### Week 7
1. [Family PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/23j4xp1ew0e98ep/Week%207%20Family.ppt)

### Week 8
1. [Midterm-Decades Project](https://www.dropbox.com/s/g0cfvof7ocivb0h/Midterm-Decades%20Project%20%28grad%29.pdf)



###For your information (FYI)
* [Public Speaking 101](https://www.dropbox.com/s/6oukismatahj3ir/Public%20Speaking%20101.zip)

Commit message:

WEEK 8-note taking test and midterm stuff

classes/151821.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Mrs. Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---

# Welcome *American Culture* Students!


### Week 1

1. [Syllabus](/resources/Week 1-GC Syllabus.pdf)
3. [Week 1 PPT](/resources/Week1-Spring14LS_Introduction-Syllabus_Grad.ppt): Introduction, syllabus review, and useful classroom phrases
4. Homework: Transcribe the lyrics of [El Paso](/resources/Week 1-El Paso.mp3) by Marty Robbins.
2. Supplemental Reading from American Ways: [Chapter on Informality](/resources/Week 1-GCSuppAW-Informality.pdf)

### Week 2

2. Homework:
   - Listen to the article--[“A Frat of Their Own: Muslims Create a New Space on Campus”](/resources/W2HW muslim frat.mp3)
   - Read the [article](/resources/W2HW A Frat Of Their Own Muslims Create A New Space On Campus NPR.pdf)
   - Identify unknown words and define them   - Be prepared to discuss this article next class
### Week 31. [Campus Organizations PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/o1p5hdqwmqcwi36/W3LS%20campus%20orgnaizations.ppt)
2. [Making Excuses PDF](https://www.dropbox.com/s/7nwluhgrq0g1uk5/W3LS%20Making%20excuses.pdf)
3. [Anti-Muslim Propaganda](https://www.dropbox.com/s/e1930i1cr8cmjxh/W3LS%20Muslim%20propaganda.ppt)

### Week 4
1. [Airplanes PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qtg2xvj99be5soq/W4LS%20Airplanes.ppt)
2. Homework: Transcribe [Tin Man](https://www.dropbox.com/s/ooup0fp3lkx24kr/W4LS%20Tin%20Man.mp3) by The Avett Brothers

### Week 5
1. [Week 5 PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/bh7nf1vy10ueody/W5LS.ppt)
2. Homework: Record a one second video with your language partner and prepare a short speech about why you chose that moment. The speech should be no longer than one minute.  

### Week 7
1. [Family PPT](https://www.dropbox.com/s/23j4xp1ew0e98ep/Week%207%20Family.ppt)

### Week 8
1. [Midterm Presentation-Decades Project](https://www.dropbox.com/s/g0cfvof7ocivb0h/Midterm-Decades%20Project%20%28grad%29.pdf) due in Week 10 (aka next class/next next Thursday)
2. Homework: Meet with your group, choose a topic, email it to me for approval, work on your presentation, print an outline, and make an easy multiple choice question. 

###For your information (FYI)
* [Public Speaking 101](https://www.dropbox.com/s/6oukismatahj3ir/Public%20Speaking%20101.zip)
