classes/americanculture.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Mrs. Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---
# Welcome *American Culture* Students!

##[Class syllabus](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Graduate%20Culture%20Fall%202014%20Syllabus.pdf)


###Week of Sept 29-Oct 9:
- [American Values PDF Version](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/AmericanValues.pdf)

###Week of Oct 13-16:
- [Small Talk PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Small%20Talk.ppt)

###Week of Oct 20-23
- [Family PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%207%20Family.ppt)
- Watch [Modern Family](http://tv.sohu.com/20120926/n354001234.shtml)

###Week of Oct 27-30
- [Midterm Project Instructions](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Midterm%20Project%20Instructions-Do%20Americans%20do%20that%20too%3F.pdf) 
- [Halloween and Midterm Groups PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Halloween+GC.pdf)
- Homework: Meet with your group and prepare your presentation

###Week of Nov 3-6
- [Education PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Education+GC.pdf)
- Additional reading about [education](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%208%20American%20Ways-Education.pdf) and [studying](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%208%20American%20Ways-Studying.pdf)
- Homework: Your presentation is due next week, after the APEC holiday, take this extra time to practice and perfect your presentation, remember the 5 minute time limit for presentations




##[Midterm Project](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Midterm%20Project%20Instructions-Do%20Americans%20do%20that%20too%3F.pdf) due the week of Nov 17-20

Commit message:

added ppts and finals information

classes/americanculture.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Mrs. Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---
# Welcome *American Culture* Students!

##[Class syllabus](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Graduate%20Culture%20Fall%202014%20Syllabus.pdf)


###Week of Sept 29-Oct 9:
- [American Values PDF Version](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/AmericanValues.pdf)

###Week of Oct 13-16:
- [Small Talk PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Small%20Talk.ppt)

###Week of Oct 20-23
- [Family PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%207%20Family.ppt)
- Watch [Modern Family](http://tv.sohu.com/20120926/n354001234.shtml)

###Week of Oct 27-30
- [Midterm Project Instructions](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Midterm%20Project%20Instructions-Do%20Americans%20do%20that%20too%3F.pdf) 
- [Halloween and Midterm Groups PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Halloween+GC.pdf)
- Homework: Meet with your group and prepare your presentation

###Week of Nov 3-6
- [Education PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Education+GC.pdf)
- Additional reading about [education](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%208%20American%20Ways-Education.pdf) and [studying](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%208%20American%20Ways-Studying.pdf)
- Homework: Your presentation is due next week, after the APEC holiday, take this extra time to practice and perfect your presentation, remember the 5 minute time limit for presentations




###[Midterm Project](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Midterm%20Project%20Instructions-Do%20Americans%20do%20that%20too%3F.pdf) due the week of Nov 17-20

###Week of Nov 24-27
- [Thanksgiving & Tech Startups PPT]()

###Week of Dec 1-4
- [Dating PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Dating.pdf) 
- Homework: Read the instruction for the finals; review the topics of conversation


##[Finals](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Final%20Instructions.pdf): check [here](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Final%20Instructions.pdf) to see your time slot
- Remember to arrive at least 5 minutes early to your time slot!
