classes/oralenglish.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Mrs. Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---
# Welcome *Oral English* Students!

##[Class syllabus](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Oral%20English%20Fall%202014%20Syllabus.pdf)


###Week of Oct 13-16:
- [Small Talk PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Small%20Talk.ppt)

###Week of Oct 20-23
- [Family PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%207%20Family.ppt)
- Watch [Modern Family](http://tv.sohu.com/20120926/n354001234.shtml)

###Week of Oct 27-30
 - [Education PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Education+OE.pdf)
 - [Halloween PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Halloween+OE.pdf)
 - [Giving Advice Worksheet](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Advice+Worksheet.pdf)
 - [Presentation Instructions](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Presentation%20Instructions.pdf)
 - Homework: Email me your topic and outline for your presentation
 
 
##[Midterm Presentations](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Presentation%20Instructions.pdf) due on Nov 6 & Nov 20

Commit message:

added ppts and finals information

classes/oralenglish.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Mrs. Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---
# Welcome *Oral English* Students!

##[Class syllabus](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Oral%20English%20Fall%202014%20Syllabus.pdf)


###Week of Oct 13-16:
- [Small Talk PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Small%20Talk.ppt)

###Week of Oct 20-23
- [Family PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Week%207%20Family.ppt)
- Watch [Modern Family](http://tv.sohu.com/20120926/n354001234.shtml)

###Week of Oct 27-30
 - [Education PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Education+OE.pdf)
 - [Halloween PPT](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Halloween+OE.pdf)
 - [Giving Advice Worksheet](https://s3-ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/sonia-beihang-website-resources/Advice+Worksheet.pdf)
 - [Presentation Instructions](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Presentation%20Instructions.pdf)
 - Homework: Email me your topic and outline for your presentation
 
 
###[Midterm Presentations](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Presentation%20Instructions.pdf) due on Nov 6 & Nov 20 


###Week of Nov 24-27
- [Thanksgiving & Tech Startups PPT]()

###Week of Dec 1-4
- [Dating PPT](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Dating.pdf) 
- Homework: Read the instruction for the finals; review the topics of conversation


###[Final Presentations](http://sonia-beihang-website-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/Presentation%20Instructions.pdf) due on Dec 18 & Jan 8
