classes/sf2.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Professor Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---

# Welcome *English Listening and Speaking* Students!

### Week 2: Informality

1. Syllabus: [SF2](/resources/SF2 Syllabus.pdf)
2. [Your texbook](/resources/Week 2_LS_english_listening_2.jpg)
3. [Informality Powerpoint Presentation](/resources/Week 2 LS Informality.ppt)
4. [Informal v. Formal Introduction Dialogues](/resources/Week 2 In-Formal Introduction Dialogues.pdf)
5. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Informality](/resources/Week 2 American Ways-Informality.pdf)
6. Homework: Unit 6, p.64 #6

### Week 3: Family

1. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Family](/resources/Week 3 American Ways-Family.pdf)
2. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Individualism and Privacy](/resources/Week 3 American Ways-Individualism and Privacy.pdf)
3. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Religion](/resources/Week 3 American Ways-Religion.pdf)
3. [American Families Powerpoint Presentation](/resources/Week 3 LS Family.ppt)
4. Homework: Unit 2, p. 20 #2, 4; p. 21 #7-8
5. [An explanation of Judaism](/resources/Week 3 Judaism.pdf)
6. [The basic tenets of Islam](/resources/Week 3 Islam.pdf)

###Week 5: Politics

1. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Communication](/resources/Week 4-5 American Ways-Communication.pdf)
2. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Directness](/resources/Week 4-5 American Ways-Directness.pdf)
3. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Politics](/resources/Week 4-5 American Ways-Politics.pdf)



<br />

>	Announcement: On the presentation sign up sheet, I made a typo, which caused some confusion. For those presenting about Family, you will present during Week 5 and for those who signed up to present on Politics,  you will present during week 6.

</br>

>	Sorry for the confusion. I hope everyone has a good holiday!

Commit message:

Added more reading to resources Updated Week 4-5 Politics in all classes except 18C

classes/sf2.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Professor Sonia Meyer's Beihang Website
---

# Welcome *English Listening and Speaking* Students!

### Week 2: Informality

1. Syllabus: [SF2](/resources/SF2 Syllabus.pdf)
2. [Your texbook cover](/resources/Week 2_LS_english_listening_2.jpg)
3. [Informality Powerpoint Presentation](/resources/Week 2 LS Informality.ppt)
4. [Informal v. Formal Introduction Dialogues](/resources/Week 2 In-Formal Introduction Dialogues.pdf)
5. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Informality](/resources/Week 2 American Ways-Informality.pdf)
6. Homework: Unit 6, p.64 #6

### Week 3: Family

1. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Family](/resources/Week 3 American Ways-Family.pdf)
2. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Individualism and Privacy](/resources/Week 3 American Ways-Individualism and Privacy.pdf)
3. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Religion](/resources/Week 3 American Ways-Religion.pdf)
3. [American Families Powerpoint Presentation](/resources/Week 3 LS Family.ppt)
4. Homework: Unit 2, p. 20 #2, 4; p. 21 #7-8
5. [An explanation of Judaism](/resources/Week 3 Judaism.pdf)
6. [The basic tenets of Islam](/resources/Week 3 Islam.pdf)

###Week 5: Politics

1. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Communication](/resources/Week 4-5 American Ways-Communication.pdf)
2. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Directness](/resources/Week 4-5 American Ways-Directness.pdf)
3. [*American Ways* Excerpt: Politics](/resources/Week 4-5 American Ways-Politics.pdf)
4. [American Politics Powerpoint Presentation](/resources/Week 4-5 LS Politics.ppt)
5. Homework: Unit 5, p. 52 #5; p. 55 #4



<br />

>	Announcement: Next class, my husband, an American software engineer will give a presentation on American technology and innovation!

>>Frank Wang 1, Rick Yan, and Frank Wang 2 are schedule to give an oral presentation related to politics.
